---
date: 2020-01-21 06:04:39
layout: post
title: "CSC1002 Tutorial 1"
subtitle:
description: "The supplemental materail for Tutorial 1 (Guochao Xie's Session), CSC1002, Spring 2020"
image: "/assets/img/contents/a_photographer.jpg"
optimized_image: "/assets/img/contents/a_photographer.jpg"
category:
tags:
    - CSC1002
    - Tutorial
author: "Guochao Xie"
paginate: false
---


Contents
===

- [Contents](#contents)
- [Supplemental Material Link](#supplemental-material-link)
- [Python for Solving Problems](#python-for-solving-problems)
- [Python for Fun](#python-for-fun)
- [Useful Suggestions for Programming](#useful-suggestions-for-programming)
- [VSCode Usage Hint](#vscode-usage-hint)
- [Reminders (From Kinley)](#reminders-from-kinley)
- [My Schedule](#my-schedule)

Supplemental Material Link
===

Please favorite the following link for my tutorial:

[https://github.com/XieGuochao/CSC1002_Supplemental](https://github.com/XieGuochao/CSC1002_Supplemental)


Python for Solving Problems
===

PolarisHub: a file transfer tool:
- [Source Code](https://github.com/PolarisStudio/polarishub_flask)

Python for Fun
===

Online kNN Digit Recognition (in Flask): 
- [Demo](http://120.27.144.199:9000/)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/XieGuochao/knn_flask)

Useful Suggestions for Programming
===

1. Learn to read documents:
   1. Example: [Bokeh](https://github.com/bokeh/bokeh)
2. Learn to use Google:
   1. To search for questions about Python, you should search `"Python3 ..."`.
   2. Usually, the importance of the resources: Official Guide > English Blog > English Q&A > Chinese Blogs
3. Learn to use GitHub.
4. Learn to use VSCode's Extensions:
   1. The plain VSCode is clean.
   2. The VSCode with Extensions is powerful, e.g. you can even have an instant dictionary (Search for: **English word hint**).
   3. You can also practice "using VSCode Extension" with changing your theme (Search for: **theme**).

VSCode Usage Hint
===

1. Command Palatte:
   1. An entrance for a lot of tools.
   2. View -> Command Palatte / Ctrl + Shift + P (Different OS may have different keyboard shortcuts).
   3. Type in what you want to search, then pick one from the result.
2. User settings:
   1. Command Palatte -> Type in "user settings" -> Choose "Preferences: Open User Settings".
3. Open Terminal: View -> Terminal / Ctrl + `

Reminders (From Kinley)
===

1. Home folder
2. Use simple name for folders and python files (basically alphabets a-z)
3. Explain students about file extension: Python files have the extension **.py** so that the computer (Operating System) can recognize it.
4. In most cases, students will have multiple versions of python installed, use the status bar (lower left corner) to switch.
5. For Windows, change the default shell to “cmd shell”
6. VSC is the tool I will use in class; I will also show them about debugging and version control using VSC.

My Schedule
===

My personal schedule is here: [https://xieguochao.com/schedule/](https://xieguochao.com/schedule/).

- 2 Tutorial Sessions:
  - 18:30 - 19:50 Wednesday, TD 303
  - 14:00 - 15:20 Thursday, TD 303
- 1 Office Hour:
  - 15:30 - 16:30 Tuesday, Start-up Zone Library L103 (Reading Room)

If you have difficulty on the time of my office hour, you may make an appointment in advance.
